### Technical Skills

Python • NumPy • Pandas • SciPy • SciKit Learn • PyTorch • SpaCy •
FastAI • Transformers • AWS • BentoML • Flask • FastAPI • Postgres
• SQLAlchemy • Tortoise • Pytest • Linux • Javascript • React •
Auth0 • Git • Docker

### Experience

##### October 2019 to Present - Curation

Curation is an ESG risk monitoring platform. Projects I have
worked on there include: Replacing boolean search queries used by
our editorial staff to find relevant stories with modern ULMFit
style classifiers. Rolling out automated summarisation of news
articles using models from Huggingface’s Transformers library such
BART. Developing a web app for data annotation, which makes use of
active learning in a similar way to Prodigy, for editorial staff
to quickly label articles before deploying models to find similar
items. Creating a tool for extracting events from stories and
displaying them in chronological order. Writing and adapting web
scrapers for various tasks to do with data gathering.

##### January 2019 to June 2019 - Talkspace

I interned on the data science team at Talkspace in New York. My
main task was to build a model to recognise a set of dialogue acts
developed by our chief medical research scientist. These are used
as features when predicting downstream tasks like client recovery
or retention. Other projects included clustering messages clients
left during offboarding and extracting summaries from transcripts
for clinical reports. I also did a lot of research into different
approaches to transfer learning in natural language processing.

##### April 2018 to November 2018 - Sharemob

Sharemob are the creators of the app My Talking Pet. It animates
the faces of animals in photographs and adds a recording made by
the user. The user has to place markers over certain facial
features before the app can manipulate the photo correctly. I
built and deployed a model to detect these key points which
currently runs in production.

##### Education and Qualifications

**Fastai**
Practical Deep Learning for Coders • Deep Learning from the
Foundations • Introduction to Machine Learning for Coders •
Code-First Introduction to Natural Language Processing
**Coursera**
Learning how to Learn • Model Thinking • Neural Networks and Deep
Learning • Improving Deep Neural Networks: Hyperparameter Tuning •
Regularization and Optimization • Structuring Machine Learning
Projects • Convolutional Neural Networks • Sequence Models
**Udacity**
Introduction to Programming Nanodegree • Deep Learning Nanodegree
• Data Scientist Nanodegree • Artificial Intelligence Nanodegree •
Natural Language Processing Nanodegree • Full Stack Web
Development Nanodegree

##### September 2016 to 2019 - University of Buckingham

My degree included lots of practical modules based around C++ or
Matlab. It culminated in a final dissertation project. In my case
this was a portfolio of chess AIs such as alpha beta minimax
search with iterative deepening, Monte Carlo tree search, an agent
trained on human gameplay data, and one that relies on self play
based upon AlphaZero.

##### April 2016 to August 2016 - CodeClan

CodeClan is Scotland’s first digital skills academy. During the
intense 4 month course we covered object oriented programming and
test driven development in Ruby, Javascript and Java. We used
these skills to build web and Android applications that also used
PostgreSQL and MongoDB databases. After learning the fundamentals
of each language, we used frameworks to build more advanced
applications. These frameworks included Sinatra, Rails, Express,
and React.

##### September 2009 to July 2014 - Shrewsbury School

A levels - Maths A, History A*, English A, Latin B GCSEs - 9 A*s
and 1 B
